ADS-2784 / Add doc for CMP ES support (#11)
supercid/wiki-docs: addons/cmp/elasticsearch-support.md

## Support for Elasticsearch 

> Previous to `v2.4.1`, Magento2 offers the possibility to select the catalog search engine

Reviewer: ES actually became mandatory search engine in M 2.4.0

between MySql and Elasticsearch. The following versions will use Elasticsearch by default.

> Nosto CMP module includes the support for Elasticsearch from `v3.0.0` with minimum

Reviewer: I would rephrase this 
```suggestion
If you are using Elasticsearch as a search engine you must install Nosto CMP module version >= 3.0.0.   
```
